after narrow NCJ peaceful
I just wanted to circle to deal with you
all um did a lot of thinking about like
what appears now to be infamous blade
cap theory and I've made another
revision to it and I started thinking
about this a little bit more or in the
course of I guess about a week now and
there's so many parameters involved and
that I think it's going to take a lot
more research and development and many
more equations to come up with a working
theory that it's perfect and I think
I've led a lot of individuals to believe
that that's my goal and that is not my
goal I do believe I've stated many times
in my videos that that is not my goal as
a matter of fact I I was hoping to get a
lot more input as far as developing it
further I've had a few suggestions and I
do appreciate those and I have
incorporated them however I feel it's a
bit difficult for me to try and explain
exactly how to use this I think I've a
few websites explained how to use it and
I've had some excellent some positive
response but there is the saying some
time ago that to know your limitations
is to know your greatest potential
so what that means said I think we're
gonna have to say goodbye to this plate
gap Theory probably won't hear any more
of it from me do I believe it doesn't
work is that the reason why I'm
disbanding it no that's not the reason
at all in fact it does why however as I
just stated it it's going to take a lot
more work and my hopes
we're not met so therefore Mun take a
different approach in this but anyway
hope y'all keep it more as in college
history is my fireplace this year it is
getting quite cool here in the Midwest
so anyway thanks for watching guys we'll
talk
you